#summary Summary of features.
#labels Documentation

=!TinyAutoSave features=

  * 100% client side, no server dependency.
  * 100% !JavaScript.
  * Wide browser support: supports every Web browser that [http://tinymce.moxiecode.com/ TinyMCE] supports.
  * [GettingStarted Simple installation], just copy the files and add to your editor config.
  * [Functionality Completely automated operation]: runs silently in the background, users don't need to do a thing.
  * [Technology Large document support]: more than 90% of all Web browsers in use today can auto-save documents 128K in size or greater - even with cookes disabled.
  * Granular [GettingStarted configuration options] for changing how it works.
  * Independent autosave storage and settings means each editor instance can have its own dedicated autosave storage, UI, and behavior.
  * Seven different events to initialize the plugin, to control behavior and content before/after auto-saves and restores, and to respond to errors.
  * Extensively documented source code, including support for Visual Studio Intellisense.
  * Automatically switches to `.gif` version of toolbar button for browsers with no `.png` support.
  * Comes with 12 different animations to choose from.
  * Simple to configure a different animation, including your own, and control how long the animation displays.
  * Preloads the animation so it's instantly available the first time needed.
  * Minified plugin file shrinks variable names for smallest download.
  * Released under GNU General Public License, version 3.