#summary Functionality provided by the plugin.

From the user's perspective, the !TinyAutoSave plugin does two things:

  # Automatically saves the editor contents to a safe (yet undisclosed) location
  # Allows the last-saved content to be instantly retrieved by clicking the Restore button

To most effectively accomplish these two things, the behavior of the plugin was designed to:

  * Have the most simple interface possible
  * Be quiet and unobtrusive
  * Not burden the user with knowledge or decisions about the storage of content
  * Provide confirmation that their content is safe

==Auto-saving content==

There are two built-in triggers of auto-saves:  a periodic save schedule and a last-second save that occurs just before exiting the page.

For both types of saves, the editor must contain at least a certain number of characters, or else the save will not occur.  Initially, the minimum number of characters is 50, but that can be overridden by specifying the `tinyautosave_minlength` configuration option.

Using a minimum number of characters is important because it protects against the user having their auto-saved content overwritten by empty text if they open a new editor page and it auto-saves before they have a chance to click Restore.  It is possible to set `tinyautosave_minlength` to 0 (zero), but it is not recommended.

By default, the plugin auto-saves the editor content every 60 seconds.  This schedule can be altered to any number of seconds by specifying the `tinyautosave_interval_seconds` configuration option.  (The plugin also accepts the configuration option as `tinyautosave_interval`, but using the longer version of the option name will self-document the fact that the numeric value specified is seconds.)

When an auto-save occurs, the toolbar button briefly animates and then becomes enabled (clickable), giving the user confidence that their content is secure.  However, the subtle animation can be disabled by setting the `tinyautosave_showsaveprogress` configuration option to `false`.

In addition to the scheduled auto-saves, the !TinyAutoSave plugin also saves the editor contents just before the page exits in some manner.   This is the most important save-point, because it is the point at which an accidental keystroke normally destroys the editor contents.

No matter how the user exits the page, the save will occur, including:

  * Clicking the browser's Refresh/Reload button
  * Clicking the Submit button on the page
  * Navigating to a link on the page
  * Closing the Web browser

==Storage of the content==

The auto-saved content remains on the user's PC: there is no need for a server-based component, and the content survives browser restarts and even computer crashes. 
The !TinyAutoSave plug-in includes several configuration options to specify the retention time of the saved content, the amount of time between automatic saves while the user is editing, the minimum number of characters that must be in the editor before autosaves will occur, and whether or not the toolbar button will briefly animate when autosaves occur.

TO-DO - finish