#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Implementation
= TinyAutoSave plugin =

Adds auto-save capability to the TinyMCE text editor to rescue content inadvertently lost.

== Installation Instructions ==

  # Download the `.zip` file containing the plugin.  Copy the `tinyautosave` folder and all contents within it into the TinyMCE `plugins` folder.
  # Add the plugin to the TinyMCE plugin option list.  For example: `plugins: "tinyautosave"`
  # Add the button control name to a toolbar row in the theme.  For example: `theme_advanced_buttons1: "tinyautosave,|,cut,copy,paste"`

== Initialization Example ==

{{{
tinyMCE.init({
	theme: "advanced",
	mode: "textareas",
	plugins: "tinyautosave",
	theme_advanced_buttons1_add: "tinyautosave"
});
}}}

== Plugin options ==

*tinyautosave_interval_seconds* - _Number, default = *60*_
  The number of seconds between automatic saves.  When the editor is first displayed, an autosave will not occur for at least this amount of time.  This option can also be specified as *tinyautosave_interval*.

*tinyautosave_retention_minutes* - _Number, default = *20*_
  The number of minutes since the last autosave that content will remain in the rescue storage space before it is automatically expired.  This option can also be specified as *tinyautosave_retention*.

*tinyautosave_minlength* - _Number, default = *50*_
  The minimum number of characters that must be in the editor before an autosave will occur.  The character count includes all non-visible characters, such as HTML tags.  Although this can be set to 0 (zero), it is not recommended.  Doing so would open the possibility that if the user accidentally refreshes the page, the empty editor contents would overwrite the rescue content, effectively defeating the purpose of the plugin.

*tinyautosave_showsaveprogress* - _Boolean, default = *true*_
  When true, the toolbar button will show a brief animation every time an autosave occurs.