#summary Version 2.0 release notes.
#labels Featured,Notes

=Version 2.0 release notes=

This release adds the most-requested new feature: independent autosave storage locations/abilitlies.  Each editor can have it's own independent autosave storage, or you can choose to share autosave storage and settings between whichever editors you like.

Changed files:

  * changelog.txt
  * readme.txt
  * demo.htm (new)
  * tinyautosave/editor_plugin.js
  * tinyautosave/editor_plugin_src.js
  * tinymce/ (folder/new)

==What's new==

Completely restructured private/public scope, to use true private scope. Prevents pollution of global namespace.

Added new option [tinyautosave_key], a string value that identifies a unique instance of the autosave storage and settings (previously only one global storage space and settings existed).

Multiple autosave storage spaces now exist, including different autosave storage spaces on the same page, if desired.

Changed image dimensions of the png and gif versions of the toolbar button to 20x20, so they won't be distorted.  The progress images are still 16x16.

Reduced the size of minified code by eliminating redundant static strings.

Changed detection of localStorage and sessionStorage to perform and actual storage test. The new Google Chrome 3.0 has a bug that renders the browser incompatible with straight object detection in the last version.

Changed inline comments to be more readable.  Added several new comments for new and changed code.

Added new public property [key], which holds the value passed with tinyautosave_key (or the editor id if nothing passed).

Fixed several minor errors with variable names.

Changed UserData code to use a single DOM element for all interaction.

Added demo page and TinyMCE code (latest version)

==Download==

You can grab version 2.0 on the [http://code.google.com/p/tinyautosave/downloads/list Downloads] page.