#summary Welcome to the TinyAutoSave plugin for TinyMCE.
#labels Featured

*Welcome to the wiki pages for the !TinyAutoSave plugin!*

Included in these pages you'll find installation instructions, product documentation, descriptive overviews about how the plugin works, a discussion of the technology utilized, and release notes.

The sidebar area to the left includes links to all the important wiki pages, including:

[Overview]
  Describes the purpose and benefits of !TinyAutoSave.
[Features]
  Highlights the key features of the !TinyAutoSave plugin in a quick at-a-glance view.
[GettingStarted Getting Started]
  When you're ready to install and configure the plugin, this is the page to read.  Covers installation and integration with TinyMCE, as well as a reference of all available configuration options.
[Functionality]
  A detailed look at precisely how the plugin works, from a user's perspective.  Includes descriptions of the auto-save process, rescuing lost content, and clearing the auto-save storage area.
[Technology]
  A discussion of the technology used in the plugin.  For developers interested in storing data on a client PC this is a must-read section, highlighting design decisions, prioritization of storage methods, and browser support.  After downloading, developers are also encourage to review the extensive documentation provided within the code itself.
[http://code.google.com/p/tinyautosave/downloads/list/ Downloads]
  Grab the latest release of the !TinyAutoSave plugin.  We'll also maintain a history of releases and any other miscellaneous files that make sense.